Hahahaha
I didn't expect it.
Concubine Yuan Gui
To live in a place like this
It must be bitter
You know I'm in the cold of the northwest
How do they live?
And of course, none of that mattered.
It's infuriating.
I finally got back
I didn't expect to be a substitute for you
Take my place in the emperor's heart
I don't accept it now that I'm back
I'm going to take back what belongs to me
Everything that belongs to you
Does this really belong to you?
Humph
Of course, maybe not before.
But now you have lost
These are all mine now
I'm not going to kill you.
It's too cheap to die like this
I want to make you feel lonely
Die painfully in this cold palace
No waves